README.md, before:

# Verification of the intelligence of the GPT-3.5 Turbo model using the Tic-Tac-Toe application via the OpenAI Web API



## Summary

 Artificial intelligence is becoming a significant tool in the hands of modern humans, much like smartphones. People utilizing language models in the form of chatbots often entrust them with tasks that require logical reasoning. This article seeks answers to the question, "Can OpenAI's GPT-3.5 Turbo model consistently win against a human in a game of tic-tac-toe?" To verify the intelligence of the GPT-3.5 Turbo language model, an application was created using the OpenAI Web API. In the experiment, the GPT-3.5 Turbo model was used as a player in the digital version of tic-tac-toe. During gameplay, the model had to demonstrate logical thinking and make strategic decisions. The evaluation of the effectiveness of the GPT-3.5 Turbo model is based on various aspects, such as overall performance, the ability to predict and block opponent moves, and adaptability to changing game conditions. Conducting this experiment allowed for an analysis and assessment of the intelligence of the GPT-3.5 Turbo model in the context of the strategic game of tic-tac-toe.

**Keywords:** *Tic-Tac-Toe, GPT, chatGPT, GPT-3.5, Web API, API.*

---

### Important:

Collected data from the conduted expermient (*telemetry.csv*) is contained within *telemetryAndCharts* folder alongside Octave chart scripts: *numberOfMovesChart.m* and *outcomes.m*.

---

## Build instructions:

**Recommended IDE:** Visual Studio 2022.

**About project:**
* Console app, using C# and .NET 6.

**Dependencies / libraries:**
* Azure.AI.OpenAI (1.0.0-beta.9) - keep this version, do not update.
* CsvHelper (30.0.1)

**You need to insert your OpenAI Wep API Key into *openAIApiKey* variable in *Program.cs* class file.**

---

Commit message:

Added console dump and edited README.md.

README.md, after:

# Verification of the intelligence of the GPT-3.5 Turbo model using the Tic-Tac-Toe application via the OpenAI Web API



## Summary

Artificial intelligence is becoming a significant tool in the hands of modern humans, much like smartphones. People utilizing language models in the form of chatbots often entrust them with tasks that require logical reasoning. To verify the intelligence of the GPT-3.5 Turbo language model, an application was created using the available OpenAI Web API. In the experiment, the GPT-3.5 Turbo model was used as a player in the digital version of tic-tac-toe. During gameplay, the model had to demonstrate logical thinking and make strategic decisions. The evaluation of the effectiveness of the GPT-3.5 Turbo model is based on various aspects, such as overall performance, the ability to predict and block opponent moves, and adaptability to changing game conditions. Conducting this experiment allowed for an analysis and assessment of the intelligence of the GPT-3.5 Turbo model in the context of the strategic game of tic-tac-toe. The source code with research results is available on the GitHub platform.

**Keywords:** *Tic-Tac-Toe, GPT, chatGPT, GPT-3.5, Web API, API.*

---

### Important:

Collected data from the conduted expermient (*telemetry.csv*) with example console dump compilation (*SomeOfConsoleDump.txt*) is contained within *telemetryAndCharts* folder alongside Octave chart scripts: *numberOfMovesChart.m* and *outcomes.m*.

---

## Build instructions:

**Recommended IDE:** Visual Studio 2022.

**About project:**
* Console app, using C# and .NET 6.

**Dependencies / libraries:**
* Azure.AI.OpenAI (1.0.0-beta.9) - keep this version, do not update.
* CsvHelper (30.0.1)

**You need to insert your OpenAI Wep API Key into *openAIApiKey* variable in *Program.cs* class file.**

---
